stiff
few believed in the miracle
all angelini instead the fans were many
to the point of surprising the same buccilli
3000 all of a single faith
3000 standing at the whistle of the so-so tonolini a very long applause
heartfelt to a group that made the history of the chienti
writing one of the most beautiful pages if not the most beautiful
thrilling thrilling enticement amazing
I only extend to the command with a carefree group of little children
by the hand of someone more grown up but only in registry key
the spirit in everyone beautifully young
like the heart of its president and the very small but efficient staff
like the force imprinted on the legs by a prof who works in silence. his name
noisy bear such crow who continues to do great things
like his passionate, moved, gabriele from senigallia, only the luck he doesn't have
Modesty slammed the door in his face
here is the miracle
the miracle of those tears at the end of the race
of boys who should have been the rule of what is right
and that just wasn't
beyond the value of others
the most recent messes between imola and the cursed 37 seconds of lawn
on that field the 27 nanna site hoping angrily for these messes
they are part of the odds for plants
but everything is there because the ball can also be with the vinyl eeeh chieti how
they say the fans have made the call
the prodigy then is etched forever in the interminable and never forgotten
days
of a tournament on which no one would have bet aluminum with a button
8 external successes just three defeats in all, only 18 conceded goals
it has a heart as big as half of Italy
football needs rhetoric only where billions are made
a few people live in chieti and that is why the foolish enterprise
but offends
why arrive first and not be offensive and simply offensive
the rule though
and then we talk about the championship controls Macerata, never the plan of the
soccer este itself
and after the neglect of tonolini in the eighth for the aquino lands pushed by
- venaria bleed to the tenth jamon into naive this morning that leave trouble
his
that at the fourteenth they score also the goal
ferrari corner best a cathar horns cross full age then
riccardo
at the sixteenth, Balian tries again
generous faded
at the twentieth, it signals to the feet of the aquino
to the twenty-first pignotti and magnificent
from the bottom line kalibra for the big head that you don't have
staff
m1a1
hope parties on the stands only hope
a23 simino quinoa part on the right lane egross anticipated in top corner
ignorant raises too much counter-time
half an hour
eagle well served as a bubble
shirt with wings comes out high
three minutes later a great masterpiece of punishment beats
but of a magno even better
still here now that whole life right with a raid that magno understands
enjoying chunky
tapping arranges suffers in 10
in the shooting handwriting little for 20 minutes
fresh forces claim the midfield michael arrives from kick placed at
26th
botta of pignotti the barrier splinters and aquino the rest precise
last one lasts
the Maceratese does not react to spending too much
to the thirty-fourth gambadori from afar of careful magni
thirty eighth riccardo agame fast but also a yellow on the shoulders ends
down in the area tonolini elite does not believe him but the doubts remain other yellow and
out
equality of men but now we are in the queue
ah forty-first the last lightning
dragon opens for pignotti that dissociates big on the right time and appear to me
guessed magno disagrees
when hot, first impressions are present in bucine first impressions
adult station atac we knew that the other part we know very well
it has happened to so many other teams that were behind a pungo have not
won the championship because in addition to art and in the end everyone when you
I adjust adults when getting ahead and therefore it was very difficult to win
honorable i like to do like jamaica i sell this american championship like
we are alive so we said
hering out the best because they have been seeing how they are the best
given the reduced the championship we have shown over the year
continually rising again, taking this first place always
great
unfortunately it was difficult latin urban area - house building we have
remaining in ten on blade 1 June at
however it was loved kate this important result to make the Langhe has it
made so congratulations to launch ecran of comment this asks this
public
who tell me that he had never seen you ask so many for these games
of c2 therefore a great compliment to the great public congratulations to all
team all the technicians prepared the trainer and all those who have
allowed this to be given and this fired some great results to remain
answer me hoped - not mean things you don't want to go on the eve of
this league to make so many points to I said I wanted to do well goes text
they didn't stop kicking now we still have to do this little one
atame championship we are the strongest team we will win we must rebuild
someone who maybe
today it is a little beaten here type notes and some other important player then
it will be 15 days to rebuild because we demonstrate
that in the median field the strongest team is my mother
Morgante tables let's start with the most beautiful things, the tears. players is the
response from an enthusiastic audience as he felt he had won
chat now speaks
it's not easy because the
even though it was all beautiful
we don't feel like a guaranteed product
we felt ours was here
pro football this equestrian sport accept I told her
certainly once you tell me. youtube dvd
after a week. quarterdeck
facha similar nathalie possible
it disgusts me since I definitely agree
chieti storico up to the end even against Macerata who played like
had to play and how to play
we will not give up the championship